Rename PolyMC to Prism (#54)
PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher: libraries/README.md

## systeminfo

> A PrismLauncher-specific library for probing system information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Prism Launcher-specific library for probing system information.
```
